Add a guide on threat modeling (#42980)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/security/threat_modeling/example_threat_model/index.md

slug: Web/Security/Threat_modeling/Example_threat_model
page-type: guide
sidebar: security
---

This page shows an example threat model for a website. You are encouraged to copy it and change it to suit your own project. You can remove components your projects does not have, add different data flows, etc. Go through each of the four key questions and modify them as needed.
For more information and guidance on how to create a threat model, see the main [threat modeling page](/en-US/docs/Web/Security/Threat_modeling).

## Overview

- Project: Blog website
- Description: Public-facing blog serving static pages, with user comments, a contact form, analytics scripts, and a map embed.
- Version: 1.0
- Last updated: 2026-02-23

![Diagram showing components, assets, data flows, and trust boundaries for this example threat model.](diagram.svg)

## 1. What are we working on?

### Assumptions and scope

This threat model covers the blog website itself, including user interaction and backend services. The following are considered **out of scope**, but assumed to provide baseline protections:

- Web browser and web platform
- Operating system
- Hosting provider infrastructure

> Threats targeting those layers are not modeled here unless they directly affect this project.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This threat model covers the blog website itself, including user interaction and backend services.

Threats targeting the following layers are assumed to provide baseline protections, but are considered **out of scope** and not modeled here unless they directly affect this project:

- Web browser and web platform
- Operating system
- Hosting provider infrastructure
```
start with 1) what we are doing, then 2) what we aren't doing, so separated those into two paragraphs. might want to add a bit more of an overview to the first paragraph.

### Trust boundaries

> This threat model assumes a trust boundary between:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This threat model assumes a [trust boundary](/en-US/docs/Web/Security/Threat_modeling#data_flows_and_trust_boundaries) between:
```
